Updated Cosmos DB docs for Dapr 1.7 (#2328)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/cosmosdb.md

## Data format

The **output binding** `create` operation requires the following keys to exist in the payload of every document to be created:

- `id`: a unique ID for the document to be created
- `<partitionKey>`: the name of the partition key specified via the `spec.partitionKey` in the component definition. This must also match the partition key specified upon creation of the Cosmos DB container.

## Setting up Cosmos DB for authenticating with Azure AD

When using the Dapr Cosmos DB binding and authenticating with Azure AD, you need to perform a few additional steps to set up your environment.

Prerequisites:

> - You will need a Service Principal created as per the instructions in the [authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) page. You will need the ID of the Service Principal for the commands below (note that this is different from the client ID of your application, or the value you use for `azureClientId` in the metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need a Service Principal created as per the instructions in the [authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) page. You need the ID of the Service Principal for the commands below (note that this is different from the client ID of your application, or the value you use for `azureClientId` in the metadata).
```

- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/)
- The scripts below are optimized for a bash or zsh shell

> > When using the Cosmos DB binding, you don't need to create stored procedures like in the case of the Cosmos DB state store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using the Cosmos DB binding, you **don't** need to create stored procedures as you do in the case of the Cosmos DB state store.
```
